# Assessment-3
In today's fast evolving economy, the rate of firm dissolution is typically high, and the rate of enterprise dissolution tends to vary significantly among sectors and business types. How to understand the precise meaning of the separation rate and its reference value has progressively been a matter of interest for company managers.
To address these problems, my project has a comprehensive and integrated understanding of turnover rates on Tableau. My project will give HR data analysis from Kaggle to present four perspectives: employee career satisfaction, separation rate distribution and cause analysis, entrance point of employee performance, and a complete assessment of employee pay rate.

My whole project's operational processes were completed using Tableau. Clicking each section that I designed is the primary way for showing the significance of each visualization's data. If I had begun studying Tableau sooner and been adept in this assessment exam, my project would have been more clearer in terms of aesthetics and organisation.

Overall, my project shows the audience that the company's system has serious problems and needs to be improved. Combined with the results of previous employee attrition interviews, as well as the investigation of the reasons for attrition, and various employee dynamic concerns, you can accurately find the enterprise in the system, culture, human resources system, management model, and other factors that can affect employee departure. If many new workers leave, the organisation has major recruiting challenges and no qualified people for growth. This project may assist the firm improve its recruiting procedures by examining recruitment processes, links, recruiters' working methods, and the company's cultural and working climate for new workers. This will increase the recognition and integration of new employees into the organisation.
